okay let's talk about apple's airpods
max these are
very expensive at 550 us dollars these
are
just so much more expensive than people
would have imagined a pair of wireless
over-ear headphones to cost even if
they'd come from apple they're just
the price tag is something else now when
apple pushes a product onto the market
especially something that
is their kind of first attempt at they
usually bring out something that is
difficult to compare to
the other players right they don't just
make
clones of the other products the other
competitors they tend to just
make something that's slightly different
and they tend to focus on
characteristics and features that other
people aren't
and in this case they focused well the
big thing is
design right this does not look like
your standard
pair of headphones they just don't
they're very
apple like and when you look at them you
compare them to other popular active
noise cancellation headphones
these just look distinctly different and
then you combo that with
different colored ear cups and the
ability to customize the different
colors of ear cushions
it is just built differently this is a
completely different type of
headphone look compared to everything
else on the market now that doesn't make
it worth 550 dollars right
the aesthetics of a pair of headphones
is only so important and only so
valuable
but right off the rip these are
different the airpods max are built
really well there's no way to deny that
right there's a lot of metal going on
construction
and the build quality and finish is just
really well done
if you compare them to sony's xm4s i've
never ever thought that these were
poorly made in any sense right i've
always thought that these were
really well built but they're plastic
right there's a lot of plastic
in this construction it's just a
different class of product when you
compare it to
the build quality of the airpods max
that being said
is it really worth paying extra just for
metal ear cups
who knows but let's be real here these
are milled out from a single block of
aluminum there's no seams
it's just one piece machine time and
there's two of them
this doesn't come cheap now metal ear
cups give
the airpods max a very distinct look but
it introduces
a couple issues number one weight these
are definitely heavier than your average
pair of
wireless headphones out there but
secondly durability i don't mean
like breakage i think these are very
well made i don't think they'll break
but in terms of the aluminum i think
all right they can scratch they can be
damaged quite easily
if you don't take good care of them the
fact that they include a case
when you buy them it's just very obvious
that these are
delicate in terms of their finish like
when was the last time apple included a
case
like a protective case when you bought a
product it's always some kind of
third-party thing they sell you but in
this case
they got to put it in because they know
that they are relatively delicate
now in terms of their fit the headbands
have a fully adjustable
arm like you can just put them to
whatever position you want instead of
having the
kind of ratcheted clicks i didn't think
that'd make a big difference because all
the headphones i've ever used have had
clicks and i've been perfectly happy
with them but these are
they're better they just you know being
able to do those small adjustments does
make a difference
now for me personally i don't like
the weight i think this is going to be
very subjective right depending on
the way that it sits on your head and
just your head shape this is going to
feel differently for everybody but for
me personally
i can feel that these are heavier than
all of my headphones that i've owned
before that doesn't mean to say that
they're
uncomfortable they're just noticeably
heavier i did go for a run with them
even though they're clearly not meant
for that but i was just
curious to see what that experience was
like and there's just so much mass
to these that every step you take like
there's the momentum of them going up
and down
it's not a good experience the mesh on
the top is also a little bit different
from anything else i've used before in
this category
and i was hopeful that maybe they
created a product that
for people like me that wear their hair
up that it would just kind of
help with keeping your hair unflattened
over time
but it'll still flatten your hair so if
you care about that
now you know um okay i want to talk
about the controls
so there's two components here there's a
button for turning active noise
cancellation on and off
and then there's also a jog dial which
is very similar to the crown
that you see on the apple watch now the
button up front
the noise cancellation button it's in a
great spot works
as intended we'll get into the kind of
sound quality in a little bit but in
terms of the controls it works perfectly
the crown is distinctly apple and it
does look really neat but
i'd prefer my buttons on the bottom
maybe i'm just used to it because
all the other wireless headphones i've
ever used that had controls on the
bottom or the back
but this is now on the top it looks nice
but i don't think it really provides
a better experience per se than having
regular buttons
on a pair of headphones the battery life
on these are rated for 20 hours which
seems pretty decent like any kind of
electronic device that can last
20 hours unplugged is usually pretty
good but in this product category we're
dealing with competitors that have
30 35 hours of battery life so it
doesn't really stick out as being great
but that being said i do think that most
people using this device will be
perfectly happy with 20 but just
for the people that travel frequently
and you go through stretches where you
just don't have access to a plug
it is something to keep in mind okay
let's talk about sound because sound is
i mean it's really important when it
comes to
550 headphones i'm gonna compare them
most
to these guys the xm4s do they sound
better that's the question right i think
they do i do think that these are a
better sounding pair of headphones than
the sony xm4s
well let's just talk about the sony's
first i've always liked the sound of
these and for the type of music i listen
to they're particularly good
i listen to a lot of edm and there's a
lot of like the bass on these is nice
it's thumpy
it's rich it's just like a nice bassy
sound
however if you're listening to stuff
that has
more higher frequencies like let's say
you're listening to classical music
which i also really enjoy
on the sonys i've always found that
sound to just be a little darker
they like the bass is just too enriched
on these you can always adjust it but at
stock they've had a thicker sound
with the lower frequencies the airpods
max
they're just brighter the other thing is
a wider sound stage airpods macs
have better instrument separation and
just more width
to the audio profile than sony's xm4s
now in terms of noise cancellation
sony's xm4s are
arguably the best in the business right
now right these are very well reviewed
and having spent the past few days
trying to discern the differences
between them
they're very similar in terms of their
noise cancellation capabilities
i would say that sony's xm4s are better
at removing
a consistent environmental sound like
let's say in the background someone's
got a
hairdryer going these are better at
reducing
that kind of sound but i feel like the
airpods max
are better at like voices or just sound
that is less consistent so if something
pops up like a kid is
talking in the background or someone
else is watching a tv show
these are better slightly better at
removing that kind of sound
but yeah i feel like i'm splitting hairs
they're both really really good and i
don't think you can pick one or the
other
just over their noise cancellation
capabilities
now in terms of their mics here's what
they sound like this is what the mic
sounds like in a quiet room but now
there's water running
and a hair dryer and rogan's podcast
running out of the background and my
voice is
obviously not as clean as before now
i'm recording off the sony's and this is
my voice in
a quiet environment and once again we
have a tap running
a hairdryer and logan's podcast in the
background and my voice
should obviously be worse than the
previous recording
i think they're both really good but i
feel like the airpods max are slightly
better at removing
environmental sounds from your voice
when you're using the microphone
uh one of the things spatial audio so
airpods max and airpods pro have
something called
spatial audio it seems a little gimmicky
until you actually experience it it's
actually pretty cool
it just gives you this very immersive
experience when it comes to watching
shows or movies
it's really hard to describe in a video
so i'll be honest i'm not going to
bother trying
but it allows you to move your head
around
and the the sound sources will move
in correlation with the screen and
the earphones do with that information
as you will now i want to wrap up this
video with
pricing because this is an important one
so the price point 550 this is
it's expensive right and okay
i want to open up this conversation with
the topic of
apple's pricing strategies apple is
really really good at pricing their
stuff
right they take a lot of stuff in
consideration they have a team i'm sure
these they've mapped it out right
they've done all the calculations they
take all the stuff in consideration
what is this product for who are we
trying to sell it to does this product
lure people into our ecosystem does it
trap people into our ecosystem
it sounds terrible but you know what i'm
trying to say right they take a lot of
things
into consideration when they price these
things it's not just some number they
pull out of their butt right
okay 550 these
are not a good value it doesn't matter
how you spin it these are expensive now
they're not meant to be
a good value they're meant to be a
premium luxury product
from apple that's designed to be priced
in a way that
apple can make money right they've
obviously priced this thing at that
perfect point where
it's expensive enough they could they
can make as much money as possible
without being too expensive to repel
people away
from purchasing it right that's the
sweet spot when it comes to products
like this
and if you look at apple's website these
things
are sold out like they're literally sold
out until march
in every color so it doesn't matter how
expensive i think they are or how
expensive you think they are
clearly people are just buying them so
for apple
these are priced perfectly if anything
apple probably could have charged more
and still be sold out with them right
now which is crazy there's so much
inertia
to this brand okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs if you liked it subs
if you loved it i'll see you guys next
time
what do you think of the airpods max
[Music]
you